Hello!
I have been working on an electronics project for a while and now I need it to have a home.
As I'm doing everything on this project, unfortunately, the case design has fallen to be the last priority but after searching for cases in similar dimensions as my prototype PCB's, I have stumbled found a good candidate and would like to use your services.

The project consists of 2 device types:
- master device
- multiple slave devices

I have made the PCB's the size of the available space in the RL6105-FBK case.
I also found a CP-6105-F from my local electronics store, which has the same dimensions, to test out the PCB size on paper, just to be safe I can get everything in well.

Now the "problem" is that I need some holes in the sides of the case cover.

The modified cases would also be 2 different designs.

The master PCB has the port openings on one side.
 The connectors: 
- 5 pin (3.81mm pitch) terminal block;
- RJ45 Ethernet port;
- USB-Type B female.

The slave PCB has the port openings on all 4 sides.
 The connectors: 
- 4 pin (3.81mm pitch) terminal block;
- 8 pin (3.81mm pitch) terminal block;
- 2 pin (3.81mm pitch) terminal block;
- 12 pin (3.81mm pitch) terminal block;

There are also some indicator LED's on the PCB's, I'm planning to just have some small holes drilled where the LED's would be, no light pipes.
LED's are 0805' size, so maybe a 2mm diameter hole to see it? Or maybe a 2mm diameter slot as long as the LED's are there.

I have enclosed the file "Project_case.zip" where you can see the PCB's 3D render and some of my test tries on the case modification.
The .DXF files have been exported from EasyEDA PCB CAD software which help me to create cutout templates for the cases.

When mounted, the case needs to be screwed together from the bottom, so accessing the terminal blocks with a screwdriver becomes a problem. So my idea is to have the side cutouts go through to the top of the case.


This is also my first time modifying a case for manufacturing, help me make this easy for you!

What files and formats do you need them to be in?

What would the costs be?
NRE, Case modification, drilling, silkscreening, etc.

Do you also have facilities in Europe also where you modify cases? If not, what are the shipping prices going to be for, let's say, the minimum order of 25 units?

Is there anything else I'd need to take into consideration? Feel free to guide me through this process as you are the experts!

Thank you and I'll be waiting for a reply from you soon!
Karlis.